chore(release): prepare release notes for Web 22.04.8 (#2062)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-22.04/releases/centreon-core.md

- Fixed a bug linked to forbidden characters in Engine object names that could strip the '0', '3' and '9' digits from host names
- [Authentication] Fixed user theme retrieval via OpenID Connect login
- [Core] The v2 API now handles React pages.
- Fixed an issue that caused months to be missing from the calendar selection
- Fixed and issue where trying to log in to push the web upgrade/update does not return the depicted error message anymore.
- Fixed issue where graphs could not be exported on the performance page.
-	[Configuration] Fixed possibility to disable contact/contact group additive inheritance if not yet configured
- Fixed an issue causing the service icons on the widgets to not be visible
- [ResourceStatus] Fixed the display of commands in the service details panel
- Fixed an issue preventing a user to edit a recurrent downtime if the linked host group was disabled
- [Monitoring] Removed obsolete code to export graphs in CSV
- [Resource-Status] Fixed an issue causing ACL action "Display executed command by monitoring engine" to not be applied on the Resource Status page

> - Fixed an issue with view contact notfications window

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with "view contact notifications" window
```

## Centreon Web

### 22.04.8

Release date: `soon`

#### Enhancements

- A new API endpoint is now available to update a Centreon platform. This allows updates to take place without having to go through the Centreon Update Web Wizard.
- [CEIP] Improved telemetry to know configured authentication options

#### Bug fixes

- [Administration] Access group fields can now be empty for OpenID Connect configuration
- Fixed a bug that blocked exporting multiple poller configurations at the same time with a shared severity
- [ResourceStatus] Fixed an issue that made users unable to disacknowledge services
- [Authentication] Fixed authentication with complete URL for token endpoint

> - Fixed an ACL issue allowing users to modify users even when they had read-only permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an ACL issue with user modification permissions
```

- Fixed an issue causing acknowledgement/downtimes to fail without returning an error when the character case for the resource was wrong
- Fixed a bug linked to forbidden characters in Engine object names that could strip the '0', '3' and '9' digits from host names
- [Authentication] Fixed user theme retrieval via OpenID Connect login
- [Core] The v2 API now handles React pages.
- Fixed an issue that caused months to be missing from the calendar selection

> - Fixed and issue where trying to log in to push the web upgrade/update does not return the depicted error message anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where trying to log in to push the web upgrade/update does not return the expected error message anymore.
```

> - Fixed issue where graphs could not be exported on the performance page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where graphs could not be exported on the performance page.
```

- [Configuration] Fixed possibility to disable contact/contact group additive inheritance if not yet configured
- Fixed an issue causing the service icons on the widgets to not be visible
- [ResourceStatus] Fixed the display of commands in the service details panel
- Fixed an issue preventing a user to edit a recurrent downtime if the linked host group was disabled
- [Monitoring] Removed obsolete code to export graphs in CSV

> - [Resource-Status] Fixed an issue causing ACL action "Display executed command by monitoring engine" to not be applied on the Resource Status page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Resources Status] Fixed an issue causing ACL action "Display executed command by monitoring engine" to not be applied on the Resources Status page
```

- Fixed an issue with "view contact notifications" window
- [Administration] Fixed access to provider configuration endpoint using ACL
- [API] Fixed API access when user doesn't have access to UI
[Install] Fixed app_key error during upgrade

#### Security fixes

- [Core] Fixed vulnerabilities in functions.js file
- [Configuration] Sanitized queries when displaying logos
- [Configuration] Sanitized queries in the list of services by host group
- [Configuration] Sanitized queries in service categories

> - [Configuration] Sanitized queries in the list of meta service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Configuration] Sanitized queries in the list of meta services
```

- [Configuration] Sanitized queries in the list of host categories
- [Configuration] Sanitized queries in the list of commands
- [Configuration] Sanitized queries in the list of trap groups
- [Core] Fixed vulnerabilities in ajaxLdapSearch.js file

> - [Configuration] Sanitized queries in the list of broker configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Configuration] Sanitized queries in the list of Broker configurations
```
